update project readme (#40)
oneleif/BunnyHopMaster: README.md

# BunnyHopMaster
JumpingJax is a 3d platformer video game make using the Unity game engine.

The core idea of the game is that the player has tools such as portals and anti-friction boots to find their lost dog.

> [![Watch the video](https://media.giphy.com/media/SWhvI3prm9w6NFstn0/giphy.gif)]

Reviewer: ![Watch the video](https://media.giphy.com/media/SWhvI3prm9w6NFstn0/giphy.gif)

## Getting started
To learn more about the project, or start contributing, [see the wiki](https://github.com/oneleif/JumpingJax/wiki)

****
## oneleif project
This means that the project is sponsored by the oneleif community, and the collaborators are team members from oneleif.

> ![](https://github.com/oneleif/olDocs/blob/master/assets/images/oneleif_logos/full_logo/oneleif_whiteback.png)(https://oneleif.com)

Reviewer: [![](https://github.com/oneleif/olDocs/blob/master/assets/images/oneleif_logos/full_logo/oneleif_whiteback.png)](https://oneleif.com)

# BunnyHopMaster
JumpingJax is a 3d platformer video game make using the Unity game engine.

The core idea of the game is that the player has tools such as portals and anti-friction boots to find their lost dog.

> ![Game Preview](https://github.com/ambid17/BunnyHopMaster/blob/development/MarketingAssets/jumpingjax.gif)

Reviewer: Nothing here
![Game Preview](https://github.com/ambid17/BunnyHopMaster/blob/development/MarketingAssets/jumpingjax.gif)

Author: updated

Reviewer: Doesn’t seem to work on mobile

## Getting started
To learn more about the project, or start contributing, [see the wiki](https://github.com/oneleif/JumpingJax/wiki)

****
## oneleif project
This means that the project is sponsored by the oneleif community, and the collaborators are team members from oneleif.

> ![](https://github.com/oneleif/olDocs/blob/master/assets/images/oneleif_logos/full_logo/oneleif_whiteback.png)

Reviewer 2: Link to the oneleif website when the user clicks the banner. Syntax [here](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet#youtube-videos) 

```suggestion
![](https://github.com/oneleif/olDocs/blob/master/assets/images/oneleif_logos/full_logo/oneleif_whiteback.png)(https://oneleif.com)
```

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/oneleif-Twitter-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/oneleifdev)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/oneleif-YouTube-red.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3HN0jID38K0Vb_WChvgQmA)

## What is oneleif?

> oneleif is a nonprofit community that supports tech minded individuals. We do this by offering a fun loving community that works on Open Sourced projects together. 

Reviewer 2: Writing style changes for conciseness and clarity 

```suggestion
oneleif is a nonprofit community that supports tech minded individuals. We offer a fun loving community that works on open-source projects together. 
```

The core idea of the game is that the player has tools such as portals and anti-friction boots to find their lost dog.

> [![Watch the video](https://media.giphy.com/media/SWhvI3prm9w6NFstn0/giphy.gif)]

Reviewer: You don't need the `[]`

just `![Watch the video](https://media.giphy.com/media/SWhvI3prm9w6NFstn0/giphy.gif)`
